chore: Update references to RLN contract address (#147)
waku-org/nwaku-compose: README.md

### 📝 0. Prerequisites

You need:
* Linea Sepolia HTTP endpoint. Get one free from [Infura](https://www.infura.io/).
* Linea Sepolia account with some balance <0.01 Eth.

> * You can get some Ethereum Sepolia or Linea Sepolia [here](https://www.infura.io/faucet/sepolia)

Author: updated in https://github.com/waku-org/nwaku-compose/pull/147/commits/ebea61b42cbc1bf838479c9835272976fed81e43

### 📝 0. Prerequisites

You need:
* Linea Sepolia HTTP endpoint. Get one free from [Infura](https://www.infura.io/).

> * Linea Sepolia account with some balance <0.01 Eth. You can get some Ethereum Sepolia or Linea Sepolia [here](https://www.infura.io/faucet/sepolia) and Ethereum Sepolia can be bridged to Linea Sepolia [here](https://bridge.linea.build/native-bridge). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Linea Sepolia account with some balance <0.01 Eth.
  * You can get some Ethereum Sepolia or Linea Sepolia [here](https://www.infura.io/faucet/sepolia)
  * If you have Ethereum Sepolia, it can be bridged to Linea Sepolia [here](https://bridge.linea.build/native-bridge). 
```

Author: Updated in https://github.com/waku-org/nwaku-compose/pull/147/commits/3a8b10fe591b00c2e5543f8626ab68f231c9ad88

The RLN membership is your access key to The Waku Network. Its registration is done onchain, and allows your nwaku node to publish messages in a decentralized and private way, respecting some [rate limits](https://rfc.vac.dev/spec/64/#rate-limit-exceeded).
Messages exceeding the rate limit won't be relayed by other peers.

Before registering you need to mint and approve the tokens to pay for the registration.
The simplest way is using Foundry's [cast](https://getfoundry.sh/) tool, which you can install with:

```
curl -L https://foundry.paradigm.xyz | bash
foundryup
```

> Mint the token from your Linea Sepolia account:

Author: Updated in https://github.com/waku-org/nwaku-compose/pull/147/commits/3a8b10fe591b00c2e5543f8626ab68f231c9ad88

```
cast send 0x185A0015aC462a0aECb81beCc0497b649a64B9ea "mint(address,uint256)" <Your Linea Sepolia Account Address> 5000000000000000000 --private-key $PRIVATE_KEY --rpc-url https://sepolia.infura.io/v3/<key>
```

Approve the RLN contract to spend your tokens:
```

> cast send 0x185A0015aC462a0aECb81beCc0497b649a64B9ea "approve(address,uint256)" 0xB9cd878C90E49F797B4431fBF4fb333108CB90e6 5000000000000000000 --private-key $PRIVATE_KEY --rpc-url https://sepolia.infura.io/v3/<key>

Reviewer: I think it's fine to keep it manual for now, because the expectation is for this to be deprecated and use rln.waku.org instead.

> cast send 0x185A0015aC462a0aECb81beCc0497b649a64B9ea "approve(address,uint256)" 0xB9cd878C90E49F797B4431fBF4fb333108CB90e6 5000000000000000000 --private-key $PRIVATE_KEY --rpc-url https://sepolia.infura.io/v3/<key>

Author: It would be pretty easy add the commands to the `register_rln.sh` and simplify things for the user.
I just need to add these lines:
```
echo "Minting RLN Membership Token"
cast send "$TOKEN_CONTRACT_ADDRESS" "mint(address,uint256)" $ETH_TESTNET_ACCOUNT "5000000000000000000" --private-key "$ETH_TESTNET_KEY" --rpc-url "$RLN_RELAY_ETH_CLIENT_ADDRESS" -vvvv
echo "Approving token allowance"
cast send "$TOKEN_CONTRACT_ADDRESS" "approve(address,uint256)" "$RLN_CONTRACT_ADDRESS" "5000000000000000000" --private-key "$ETH_TESTNET_KEY" --rpc-url "$RLN_RELAY_ETH_CLIENT_ADDRESS" -vvvv
```

Should I add it or still leave it manual?
